[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in the
kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame Flame Fruit
as a prize.
Meanwhile, Sanji finds that
their deal with Doflamingo
was nothing more than a setup.
Listen up!
Let me spell it out!
We walked straight into a trap!
You know why I went to
so much trouble, Law? Huh?
No secret. I just really
wanted to kill you.
Joker! Make him pay
for this! Save me!
There's no way in hell
you're getting Caesar back now!
You and I had an agreement!
You can't just do what you want!
The deal's off, Doflamingo.
You're going to
regret this decision.
Hey moron, just because
you're screwed,
doesn't mean you have to
drag me down with you!
[laughs]
We've hardly spoken in ten
years, and this is how you act?
Treat your old boss nicer,
won't you, Law?
Caesar is very valuable to me,
I need to have him back.
[CAESAR CLOWN babbling]
Issho. It would appear that Law
brought Caesar Clown
here for a tradeoff.
[FUJITORA] Ah, the scientist
that caused the poison gas
incident. A heinous crime.
Still, we'll see.
If he works for one of
the Seven Warlords,
he'll get amnesty. Tricky.
[chuckles] Hello there.
You're the famous Vice Admiral
who got recruited in the World
Military Draft, aren't you?
Fujitora, was it?
They say you and Vice Admiral
Ryokugyu are both forces
to be reckoned with
on the battlefield.
Sir. You flatter me.
[DOFLAMINGO] Heh. You can
spare me the humble act.
[FUJITORA]
Then I'll be frank.
I'm having some trouble
unraveling this situation.
Y'see, I don't have much
experience as a Marine,
so I don't want to make any
baseless accusations.
But it seems to me,
as a Warlord,
you're doing some things
that step outside
of your boundaries, just a bit.
For example,
the fellow over there
just referred to you as "Joker."
A rather troubling implication.
[yelps]
[chuckles] If you want
to dig into my past,
you'd better be willing
to get your hands dirty,
'cause it'll take a mountain
of evidence to topple me.
Speaking of naughty Warlords,
what's the Navy going
to do about Law?
You're referring to the
news about his alliance
with the infamous
pirate Straw Hat.
If the reports are true,
then I'm afraid he's guilty.
So, tell me, Law.
Is he simply your subordinate,
or is he an ally,
and you're guilty?
[LAW grunts]
What comes next depends on
your answer. If you've betrayed
your position, we'll
have to arrest both you
and the Straw Hats
for your crimes.
[MARINES gasping]
What kind of half-assed
decision is that?!
All he has to do is lie
and you let him go scot free?
[LAW]
My plan fell completely apart.
The Navy shows up
and now I'm the target.
[LAW] I can't let the team in
Dressrosa be affected by this.
I'm gonna have to
make a stand on my own.
Lying won't help.
It's true! The Straw Hats
aren't working under me!
We're equals in this alliance!
[laughs] Just can't take
the easy way, can you?
Well... That's it.
Your title is revoked.
But that might not be
the only headline tomorrow.
No way!
A meteor?
That-- That can't be right!
That's a bit overkill,
don't you think?
[MARINE B]
It's a meteor!
[MARINE C]
Run for it! He's serious!
[LAW]
Room!
[grunts]
[ALL screaming]
[CAESAR CLOWN panting]
[MARINE A]
I... can't see what happened.
[MARINE B]
Where's Issho?
Joker! Seems they survived.
Though I can't say how.
[MARINE D]
The only thing left
are the spots
they're standing on!
[gasping]
This is just unreal.
Is this how the Navy acts now?!
Show some restraint!
Are you insane?
Even a blind man won't miss
with an attack that big.
Ah, pardon me.
Just a small test.
Now, Law. You're a criminal.
Therefore, I'll be
arresting you now.
[LAW grunts]
What now, Law?
You aren't thinking about
running away, are you?
Because you won't get far,
here in my kingdom.
[SANJI] Flower Field?
You going on a picnic?
[FRANKY] You're one to talk.
Where the hell have you been?
I was... falling in love!
Aww, well, ain't that sweet.
Oh, hey. I think I can
find the factory, easy.
[SANJI]
For real?
Yep. Problem is,
we can't just wreck it
and haul ass outta here.
It's gonna be a whole thing.
A whole big thing.
[SANJI]
Huh?
Hey, you filthy little thief,
I told you, we don't take
credit! Somebody stop that toy!
He took my burgers
and didn't pay!
[GIRL A gasping]
[CHEF A]
Get back here!
We'll be lucky just to
make it out alive, now!
Yeah. I heard about
Doflamingo's trap.
Man, we walked
right into that one!
But just 'cause our fancy
plan went off the rails
doesn't mean we can't do some
damage while we're in town.
I got somethin' brewing here
that might salvage
this operation.
It's complicated.
Just meet me at the Flower Field
and we'll work things out.
What the hell is that
place, anyway?!
It sounds like something
out of a fairy tale!
By the way, I'm getting
worried about Nami.
Come on!
Nami's tough as nails.
She'll be fine! Have some faith!
Besides, she's got Brook and
Monster Chopper with her too.
Uh... Huh?
[FRANKY]
Uh, somethin' up?
What're they watching there?
That screen.
A broadcast from the Colosseum.
The newcomer, Lucy, is putting
on quite a show today!
Love that beard!
He's small, but quick!
[COMPETITOR A grunting]
[LUFFY chuckles]
Franky, I found Luffy,
and he's, uh...
Uh-huh. Yeah, he's fighting
in some big tournament,
I forgot to tell you that.
Why didn't you do
anything to stop him?
You can't trust him on his own!
[FRANKY] Hey, you're in
no position to judge me!
You lost Zoro and good luck
finding him again!
[VIOLET gasps] Black Leg.
I have to get out of here.
They're coming for me. My men.
You and your crew
are trying to get to
Doflamingo's secret factory,
right? I have a map.
It's disguised. It looks like
a toy house on the exterior.
But that's your target.
No, you can't!
If you help me this much,
there's no turning back!
It's too late. I'm doomed.
It seems the executives already
know that I betrayed the family.
[SANJI gasping]
Violet, listen. The western
harbor. You can meet me there.
Just stay hidden
and wait for me.
That's our crew's
rendezvous point.
I swear, I'll get you out,
no matter what the cost may be.
Hopeless. You're just hopeless.
[laughs]
[gasping]
Pardon me, sir!
Please fight! Don't be hopeless!
[SANJI] Way to ruin the mood!
Where'd you come from?
Violet! Wait!
[KIN'EMON]
Hurry! Defeat them!
Don't move!
[CROWD screaming, gasping]
Come on, guys, do you
gotta make a scene?
[PIRATES groaning]
[exhales]
[CROWD gasping]
Amazing!
They're just thugs.
Why'd you need me?
[KIN'EMON] They are holding
my dear friend Kanjuro hostage,
so I was rendered helpless!
Speaking of which, I am
in dire need of your aid!
We must make haste
to the Toy House!
I have heard word that
this is where the fiends
are holding Kanjuro,
but I don't know the way.
Sure. You got it.
[KIN'EMON grunts]
[GYATS] We don't know where
he came from, but Lucy
certainly seems to be going
places in this competition!
[CROWD cheering]
[LUFFY grunting]
C'mon! Bring it! Who's next?
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[LUFFY] Oooh, there's somebody
tough over there. Who is it?
The bull? He's that strong?
[roaring]
Good! You wanna
fight with me next?
[BULL growls]
Uh-oh! Looks like he's
set his sights on Lucy!
Will Lucy's luck come to an end
at the horns of Brutal Bull?
Just the other day, Bull
faced off against a mob
of death row prisoners
in this very arena!
[PRISONER A] All I gotta do
is butcher this cow
and they'll set me free? Easy!
[PRISONER B laughs] Pretty
generous offer, I gotta say!
I've killed more men than I
can count. This is nothing.
Outta my way, I'm gonna
take the sucker down!
Me first! [yells]
[PRISONERS groaning, yelling]
[PRISONER H groans]
[CROWD gasping]
[BULL roars]
[PRISONERS groaning]
[screaming]
[GYATS]
It was a massacre!
Not one man walked away,
and more than half of them
got a one-way ticket
to an early grave!
That's why Brutal Bull is known
as the Colosseum's Grim Reaper!
A cyclone of death!
[roars]
[GYATS]
He's charging straight for Lucy!
But Lucy isn't budging an inch!
Has he lost his mind?
Could it be...
he's paralyzed with fear?
Here come the horns!
He'll tear right through him!
[LUFFY]
Hey. Over here.
[BULL growls]
[GYATS]
Somehow... Lucy dodged!
Come on! One more! [laughs]
[BULL growling]
[chuckles]
[growling]
[LUFFY grunts]
[CROWD murmuring]
[GYATS] B-Brutal Bull
stopped dead in his tracks!
What sort of sorcery
is Lucy working here?
[laughs] Hey, let's be friends.
No one can stop us now!
[roars]
I can't believe it! He's tamed
the Grim Reaper itself!
Let's hear it for
the one and only Lucy!
[CROWD cheering]
[DWARF N whimpers]
[DWARF J gasping]
What the heck's
going on up there?
[ROBIN]
It must be Law.
[screams]
This sucks! If the roof caves
in, then we're all gonna die!
[DWARVES]
Whoa!
Even the hero is scared now?
Kidding! That earthquake
was caused by me!
Or my Haki!
Haki? That's how you
beat up all 50,000
of those bad guys back
on Fishman Island, right?
So awesome! That's our hero!
[DWARVES gasp]
You're so strong you can shake
the whole kingdom, huh?
Try this, Hero!
A delicious gift!
A big piece of Fighting Fish!
They're like goldfish,
only angry!
Those big guys?
[LEO]
Yep!
Wow! Didn't think
it'd be so good!
It's almost as tasty
as Sea King!
Which I dine on all
the time, of course.
[USOPP]
I see...
So they're the ones who nabbed
that thing back on the bridge.
These little guys
must be crazy strong!
Glad they're on my side!
Since we're small, just one
of those Fighting Fish
could feed the whole kingdom
for a month or even more.
You big people have to
eat an awful lot, though.
That must be a real
pain sometimes.
Uh?
[USOPP] For Luffyland in my
Usolanders Fighting Force,
a fish like this
is just a snack.
[DWARVES gasp, murmur]
What's Usoland?
That statue.
Look familiar to ya?
[ROBIN]
Huh?
From that picture book
we read back in Jaya.
Leo. Is that Noland?
[LEO]
Uh-huh!
I see! Of course!
You know him, don't you?
He was the big
person botanist
who came to visit our
kingdom 400 years ago.
Our hero!
Back then, there were
a bunch of bad guys
messing up our home,
but Noland rushed to
the aid of our ancestors
and saved the day!
We'll never forget the
debt we owe to Noland,
no matter how many years pass!
The Tontatta will
always honor him!
When Usoland mentioned
the hero's name,
and told us he was one of
his descendants, I just--
I was so overwhelmed!
[USOPP] No, I mean it!
Look at my helmet!
It's shaped like a chestnut,
just like his head!
[FLAPPER]
He's right!
[DWARVES]
A chestnut-head!
We tied you up!
It's awful! I am so sorry!
You're shameless.
Don't complain.
It saved you, too.
Just keep quiet,
enjoy the feast,
and then we'll get outta here.
Truly, it must be an act of
fate that brought you here.
And today, no less.
[LEO grunts]
Yes, I agree.
After 400 long years
have passed,
a legendary hero comes
before us once again.
On the very day that we vowed to
go to war against Doflamingo!
[USOPP grunts]
[KABU] Usoland!
After you finish eating,
we'll take the
underground passage
to the Flower Field and prepare!
[DWARVES]
Now's the time!
Yeah!
[LEO] The captain and his
Riku Royal Army are waiting
for us in Dressrosa, where
the final battle will be waged!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
Please, take the lead!
Usher us to freedom!
Together, we'll crush
the Don Quixote Family!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[LEO]
With Usoland, we're invincible!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
Give him a cheer!
[DWARVES] Usoland! Yeah!
Usoland! Yeah! Usoland! Yeah!
Usoland! Yeah! Usoland! Yeah...
[ROBIN]
Oh, boy.
[DWARVES]
Usoland! Yeah! Usoland! Yeah!
Usoland! Yeah! Usoland! Yeah...
[NARRATOR] Lucy continues his
valiant run atop Brutal Bull.
Just then, another warrior
appears to challenge him.
His name is Hajrudin,
a fierce pirate mercenary
who hails from Elbaf's
newest generation.
Now, an epic showdown begins
between Lucy and the
would-be king of all Giants!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Blow of Anger!
A Giant vs. Lucy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!